[#87] Improve handling of failed proposals (2nd Approach) (#232)
tqtezos/baseDAO: docs/specification.md

  ; voting_period : voting_period
  // ^ Determine the voting_period length.

  ; proposal_flush_time : seconds

>   // ^ Determine how long after the proposal is proposed to be able to be `flushed`.

Reviewer: Probably needs a bit rephrasing for clarity. something like "minimum time that should pass after a proposal's submission before it can be flushed"..

Author: Updated

  // Have to be bigger than `voting_period * 2`

  ; proposal_expired_time : seconds

>   // ^ Determine how long after the proposal is proposed to be considered as expired.

Reviewer: Can use a bit of rephrasing here as well.

Author: Updated.

They must be provided on origination to construct the contract's initial storage.
These values are:
1. `admin : address` is the address that can perform administrative actions.

> 2. `guardian : address` is the address of a contract that have permission to call `drop_proposal`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. `guardian : address` is the address of a contract that has permission to call `drop_proposal` on any proposal.
```

Author: Updated

>     - `address` of guardian cannot be equal to `SOURCE`.

Reviewer: I am not sure I haven't mixed up meaning of SENDER/SOURCE, but maybe a better way to put this might be something like "`guardian` cannot initiate the transaction that results in call to drop_proposal".

Author: Thanks, that definitely sounds better

3. `governance_token` is the FA2 contract address/token id pair that will be used as the governance token.
4. `voting_period : nat` specifies how long the voting period lasts in seconds.
5. `proposal_flush_time : nat`

>     - Specifies how long in seconds after the proposal is proposed such that it can be flushed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Specifies in seconds how long after the proposal is proposed it can be flushed.
```

    - IMPORTANT: Must be bigger than `voting_period * 2`.
6. `proposal_expired_time : nat`

>     - Specifies how long in seconds after the proposal is proposed such that it can be considered as expired.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Specifies in seconds how long after the proposal is proposed it is considered expired.
```
This is less of a nitpick as after this time it isn't just that it **can** be considered expired, but it **has** to.

(nat %flush)
```

> - Finish voting process on an amount of proposals for which their `proposal_flush_time` is reached.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Finish voting process on an amount of proposals for which their `proposal_flush_time` was reached, but their `proposal_expire_time` wasn't yet. 
```

(bytes %drop_proposal)
```

- Delete a proposal when its `proposal_expired_time` is reached.
- The proposer can call this entrypoint to delete his/her own proposal regardless of `proposal_expired_time`.
- The `guardian` can call this entrypoint to delete any proposals at anytime regardless of `proposal_expired_time`.
- Fails with `DROP_PROPOSAL_CONDITION_NOT_MET` when none of the conditions above are met.

> - Tokens that are frozen for this proposal are returned to the proposer and voters as if the proposal is rejected regardless of the actual votes.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we also say that

>if called on an expired proposal, the paid fee is not returned to the proposer

Author: With the current implementation, it treated the return token as if it is a rejected proposal. So it follows the `rejected_proposal_return_value`. My discussion here: https://serokell.slack.com/archives/C019PCGKTK2/p1620821574002100?thread_ts=1620761952.014000&cid=C019PCGKTK2

Now, I'm not sure if I have to state fully about this slash logic in here or not, since it is already stated in the `flush` entrypoints, so I simply state it "...  as if the proposal is rejected". Not sure if this could cause confusion or not.

Reviewer 2: I think the current phrasing is correct, as we now established that dropped proposals are to be treated as failed.

Reviewer 2: I think the current phrasing is correct, as we now established that dropped proposals are to be treated as failed.
